
>[!cite] *"The long adventure came to and end... and we finally saved the world."*

**Princess Lili... No, Queen Lili said [[Kanterbury]] was reborn and held a grand festival. She even created a new calendar system using A.H to mark the years.**

**After Hero... When Queen Lili announced a festival will be held in our honor and celebrate January 1st, 0 A.H in front of all her subjects... My face turned so red. I couldn't look up...**

**The founding festival continued for a whole week, It was so fun... I wished this moment would last forever. But, as the festival came to an end, everyone left to chase their own goals...**

**Only Kaden and I remained on the last day.**

Kaden: "Everyone was still here yesterday... but it's just us two now."

Clara: "They had so much they wanted to do after our adventure came to an end... Luiz is off with Kamael to found the world's first drone delivery company... Bibi said she'd found the world's best circus agency."

Kaden: "Ringo said he'd write our entire adventure into a song. And Lilith.... will go unite Demon World to become a true queen..."

Clara: "Isn't Demon World in complete mayhem after the Demon Gods were sealed off? I'm a bit concerned for... Lilith's safety..."

Kaden: "Erina is with her, so she should be fine. If she who stirred up Demon World before is with Lilith..."

Clara: "...", **The mere mention of 'Erina' caught Clara off guard, leaving her visibly stunned**
         "...I was concerned for the wrong person... I should pray for the citizens of Demon World instead."

Kaden: **A silly laugh comes out.** "We promised to meet on the founding festival a decade from now... I'm sure everyone will keep busy until then."

Clara: "......Seems that way. We'll meet again after a decade... I heard Luna's going to establish a Magic School. She met someone who gets along with her during the festival. Her name was..."

Kaden: "You mean Elphaba. I've never seen anyone hold up a conversation with Luna for that long. She's highly knowledgeable... and very beautiful as well."

Clara: Laugh lightly. "Fufu, are you interested in Elphaba too Kaden?"

Kaden: "N-No! I'm just...! It's nothing..."

Clara: "???"

Kaden: "Anyways, do you have any future plans Clara?"

Clara: "Hmm.... I don't know... You said you're going to search for a sword, right Kaden?"

Kaden: "Yes, according to the gods, a great evil will befall on us centuries from now, Only that sword can take down the evil's alpha. It's centuries from now, so it'll be the next generation's hero's task, but... That doesn't mean I can stay idle. My remaining duty as the hero is to find the missing sword and safely pass it down to the next generation."

Clara: "I'm sure you'll do fine, Kaden. No matter how dangerous or frightening it got during out adventure, you were always unshaken... and led us through."

Kaden: "I wouldn't have achieved anything alone... Everyone else gives praise, calling me a hero, but it was only possible because everyone was with me. If you don't have any other plans..."

>[!cite] Kaden: *"Clara... would you like to search for the sword with me?"*

>[!cite] Clara: "*I....*"

**A confident but slightly shaking voice. His stiff posture from attempting to hide anxiety. 
The glint in his eyes full of purity. That sight of him giving me butterflies in my stomach every now and then...**
**That's the Kaden I knew.**

**I feel sorry for not being able to accept his offer.
Kaden and I moved to the outer town, and now it's time to say our farewells.**

Kaden: "So, this is goodbye."

Clara: "Thank you for asking me to come with yesterday. But... I have something I must do as well."

**Kaden keeps his mouth silent.**

Clara: "It was to save the world from ruin... But, we burned the World Tree and severed the connection between Gods and Men. Most people can no longer use holy power. Which means... everything we did with holy powers are no longer possible... From healing minor wounds to saving lives. Many will suffer. I want to help them."

**Clara's sentence made Kaden flabbergasted.**

Kaden: "It's not for you to bear that responsibility alone! Everyone else already left, but... I could go with you Clara...!"

Clara: "Kaden, you told me what you wished to do for the future generation. If you had to give up your own goal because of me... I'd be heartbroken..."

**Kaden sighed upon hearing Clara's response.**
Kaden: "Clara, could you please accept this before I go...?"

**Kaden presents a golden quill pen adorned with an emerald nib and tube.**

Clara: "What's this...?"

Kaden: "It's a location emitter that activates via holy power. Send the signal whenever you need me. I'll run to your aid immediately, no matter how far."

**Clara appears somewhat confused.**
Clara:  "Use this whenever I need you, Kaden...?"

Kaden: "I...I don't mean anything else by it...!"

Kaden: "If you have trouble solving a problem Clara... Or if you need someone to talk to about your troubles... Anything's fine... If it's something I can aid you with, call me whenever. That's what I meant....!"

Clara: "...Hehehe. Thank you Kaden."

**Kaden was overwhelmed by the embarrassment.**
Kaden: "I'll... take my leave. May Prometheia bless your path Clara..."

Clara: "May Prometheia grace your journey as well... Kaden..."

**I left Kaden behind, and started walking to places requiring my aid. It'd be fun... if Kaden came with, but he has duties as the Hero, unlike me... So it'd be best to leave without having any attachments. But, perhaps it was the thought of having to wait another decade to see Kaden again. Or maybe I wanted to behold the image of him walking away...**

**I turned around without realizing it. I locked eyes with Kaden who stopped in his tracks and looked back like I did. His stiff posture trying to hide anxiety... and eyes glinting with purity. That was the Kaden I knew. So I decided to be a bit more honest.**

**A decade from now, just like we promised with everyone, even if it isn't then...**

> [!cite] *I'll wait for the day we meet again Kaden. Anytime anywhere.*