
**Holy power. The miracle from the gods given to humans.
It's the power of blessing that heals wounds and brings richness to life.**

**None had to fear diseases or wounds until now. For the holy power always healed and protected them. However, the World Tree connecting the gods and humans burned down, and it was now gone...**

**People fell from the simplest wounds that were easily treated before. The world fell into further pain and chaos. The entire kingdom filled with patients, and there weren't enough healers and medicine to go round. It was especially depressing for the smaller villages far away from the capital. So I concentrated on healing those residing in the outskirts after parting ways with Kaden.**

Clara: "I finished first aid for the urgent patients. They made it past the brink, but... They're quite weak, so everyone must rest until fully recovered."

Village Chief: "Everyone had to just wait for their death because of that terrible disease... How could we repay this debt..."

Village Lady: "My brother came back to his senses because of you Saintess. Thank you so much!"

Clara: "No... I just made temporary fixes for the patients... They will need continuous treatment to fully recover. I'll prescribe the necessary medicine, so ask the other healer when I leave..."

**The village chief and the lady shocked! They're about to ask politely to me.**

Village Chief: "Leaving... What do you mean...?  There's no healer in a small town like ours...! Everyone who heals diseases left for the big city... There are no healers or medicine here... Saintess, you're the only one we can place our faith in."

Village Lady: "You said they're not fully healed... they need continuous treatment... That's what you said. But you're just going to leave us...?"

Clara: "...Sorry. I can't stay in this village indefinitely."

**When I spoke about leaving, the villagers' gazes changed. They turned from gratitude to shock, and then rage... The villagers started to gather round and began to murmur.**

Village Chief: "When you first arrived, you said this was your responsibility and would help us, didn't you...? Saintess, you said you could use the holy power... You told us you'll save us...!"

**I frightened because of these villagers murmur and anger.**

Clara: "There must be critical patients at other villages too. I must help them as well..."

Village Lady: "Lies! The other healers... priests... they all left like that. They said their holy powers suddenly vanished, and told us to find someone else...!"

Village Chief: "So you were just the same as everyone else... *I'll help...* *I'll take responsibility...* You're just a foolish woman who wants to be treated as a Saintess..."

**I feels nervous. I thought my ears deceived me for a second. The people we saved, those who just expressed gratitude... They all changed in an instant and expressed their criticisms and resentment.
I did my best to help everyone. I didn't give up and tried. So I won't feel any shame when I meet Kaden again... That's what I thought, but reality was much crueller.**

**She couldn't speak from the sharp criticisms like knives. Where did it all go wrong...**

> [!cite] Clara: (*Was this my fault...? I just...*)

Village Chief: "The reason you could use holy power was-"

Yellow Man: "Oh dear, I'm way too late, aren't I? Queen Lili gave me so much... My luggage was so heavy, so I ended up being late!"

**I hears a familiar voice come through. I turns my face looking where the voice come from. As my eyes got a man...**

**The village chief got interrupted. Unfortunately it's not Kaden voice.. He wears a yellow beret-like hat with a red and white feather. A frilly white top and blue sleeves, along with yellow pants, a matching yellow cape held together by silver chain. He also brings Ukulele with him.**

Clara: "R-Ringo?!"

**Ringo was the yellow man.**

Ringo: "Attention everyone. The luggage I worked hard to bring from the capital was... High quality herbal medicine and healing potions!"

**About three luggage full of potions are there.**

Ringo: "Man, there's a bunch, right? Isn't it crazy? You're all wondering how much this is all worth, yes? Don't fall over in shock! All of this is free! Free, I tell you!"

**The village chief amazed... as he gaze into those luggage.**

Village Chief: "Herbal medicine and healing potions from the capital...?"

Ringo: "So? Doesn't it make you dance and sing? Take'em, hurry! It's all yours!"

**The bag Ringo brought was full of herbal medicine and healing potions. The villagers all clamored forth and started to grab the medicine. While everyone was distracted by the herbal medicine, Ringo and I quietly left the village.**

**Me and Ringo, achieve to escape the village and arrive in outer forest.**

Ringo: "Wow, that was really close! Haha! If I make that into a song and sing it for the children... They probably won't sleep for days!"

Clara: "Thank you for coming to my rescue, you saved me," ...... "But ringo, how did you...?"

Ringo: "Oh, I was on my way to see Isabella! Kaden was really worried about you." Ringo strum his Ukulele. "I heard about what you were doing Clara, and the capital was nearby. So I figured it'd be nice to bring some medicine along the way... What do you know? Turns out my decision was the right answer!"

Clara: "I see, Kaden is......"

Ringo: "Hehe, are you touched? Does it make you tear up? There's no need to thank me too much, you know! We're comrades who saved the world from ruin after all, aren't we?"

Clara: "...Thank you. Truly... Thank you so much."

Ringo: "Don't worry too much about what the villagers said, the holy power is gone, and the world is in chaos, so they just need someone to blame."

>[!cite] Ringo: "*You're not a bad person Clara.*"

Clara: "...Ringo..."

Ringo: "Hmm... a serious conversation like this is hard. I tried to come up and say something Kaden would've said at a time like this. But I suppose it doesn't suit me. Kaden's the professional in cheering you up and giving encouragement."

**Clara leaves Ringo with empty gaze and no responses**

Ringo: "What? Are you disappointed I'm here instead of Kaden? Man, you're hurting my feelings. Oh dear, here come the waterworks...!"

Clara: "Eh? Hehe, you're the same as ever, Ringo. Yes, I'm sure the chaos will be temporary. If I don't give up.
I think people...will understand."

Ringo: "Sincerity goes through to everyone in any age!"

**As night falls, Clara and Ringo setting up a fire for the night.**

***Ringo narrates the story of his time with Isabella***

Ringo: "Like that one time. Bang! Isabella pinned me up against the wall. It was so cool, my heart felt a jolt! I fell for her again that day!"

Clara: "hehe...! Hahahaha!"

**As we talked about the times we adventured together. I didn't notice the night grew deeper.
All the memories of us came flooding back as if it all happened yesterday. 
Thanks to that, my negative emotions started to wash away one by one.**

Clara: "Hehe, my mind is at ease now. I wish I could live my life carefree and optimistic like you Ringo..."

Ringo: "Hey! I have worries too you know! I have so many they're giving me a headache...!"

Clara: "Oh, really? You have concerns too, Ringo?"

Ringo: "Of course! Like, how could I make my blood tastier... I spend every night with my eyes wide open!"

**I puzzled, doesn't understand what Ringo is talking about.**

Clara: "W-what are you talking about...?"

Ringo: "As you know Clara, Isabella is the Vampire Queen, yes?  She only sought after my blood during our adventure, saying it's the tastiest... But now, she can get tasty blood as much as she wants. Thus, Isabella might fall for another type of blood, and say Ringo, who? Ahhhhhhhh!! She'll forget about me if I don't become the tastiest blood in the world!!"

Clara "Mm.... There's no way Isabella's gonna do that...! Whew... Ringo you should-"

Ringo: "Watch out!" **Suddenly, Ringo grabs Clara's arm to make a dodge**

**The instant Ringo shoved me aside with a shout,
An arrow flew over and landed on the place I was just sitting.
When I raised my head, an unknown group had surrounded us.**

Ringo: "What's the meaning of this?! Firing an arrow at us all of a sudden..."

Clara: "Who are you? Identify yourselves!"

??? (man voice): "Tsk, there's no need to answer. Kill them both."

??? (lady voice): "The holy power disappeared because of that witch...! Killing her will bring it back!"

Ringo: "Everyone's armed with weapons... I don't think we can talk this out. Clara, I'm gonna take them all down!"

Clara: "Okay, I'll help too...!"

***Tak bisa narasikan gelud, pokok e gelud dikepung mereka 4v2. Syukurnya menang.***

Ringo: "Huff...Puff... I maybe a bard... But I was a part of the Hero party... Huff... I won't go down that easily."

Clara: "Aren't you too out of breath to be saying that...?"

Ringo: "What? O-of course not. I'm completely fine! Hmm... Let's find out who attacked us...!"

